Today's festival
Wanbang Laihe
Dexuan encouragement spirit
be solemn
To see the world
From now on
All the ambassadors
Proclaim to replace it with ceremony
Abide by etiquette
Take the sky to the sky
I am overwhelmed with emotion
Best wishes.
obey this edict
Concubine Yuan Gui was appointed as the queen
Long live my emperor long live
Long live thank you
I have one more thing to announce
Dismiss the harem from now on
Only queen artists
Your Majesty, I have made up my mind
Zhongqing's family doesn't need to persuade anymore
I wanted to travel the world with you
But the country is involved with the ancestral base and cannot be in vain
I can only aggrieve you to accompany me in this high power
To accompany the emperor
Concubine can do anything
Everything depends on the emperor